well Hanan Abu is from jabalia in
Northern Gaza she's lost everything
since this War Began here's her
story we are sitting here under God's
mercy we are helpless all that we do is
keep
praying with every passing minute we are
showered by missiles bombs and machine
gun bullets from all directions come and
see the destruction film the
devastation my son spent his life
savings on that new house he did not
stay for more than 20 days there now it
is all in ruins our home is destroyed
all our possessions were
lost that neighbor too he did not
complete one week in his new house
before Thursday it was level to the
ground
we are human beings just like the
Israelis we are humans made of Flesh and
Blood my son was killed and so is my
husband my niece newly married was also
killed she graduated and we were
celebrating singing and dancing over
there just two months
[Music]
ago we left without home or food our
children are starving we can no longer
feed
them prices are soaring as if we're
leading a normal life and earning
money my husband was up there when he
was killed he remained lying dead for a
week before his body was pulled out of
the rubble the first day of the truce
they kept digging for 20 hours before my
husband's body was pulled out it was the
same for my niece the bride who was
killed over there their dead bodies were
bloated wreaking totally decomposed and
almost
exploded the whole family my children
and grandchildren used to gather here we
used to spend evenings here staying
chatting for late hours in the night but
I've lost them all they were all
killed I'm left homeless and
alone